Alice and Bob have opened a factory. They use a robot to help them move heavy boxes around. To move a box toward a direction, the robot first needs to reach the box from behind, and then push it forward.

There are several obstacles inside the factory. We represent the factory by an  grid, and mark obstacles as “blocked” cells inside the grid. Moreover, we represent the robot and the boxes as  squares, each occupying a single cell. An example is illustrated in the figure.

image

In this figure, blocked cells are shown in gray, and the positions of the robot and a box are marked by ‘r’ and ‘s’, respectively.

We call a grid cell “free” if it is not blocked, nor it is occupied by a box. At each step, the robot can move from its current position to one of its four neighboring cells, located at the left, right, top, and bottom of the current cell, provided that the neighboring cell is free. If the neighboring cell is occupied by a box, the robot can push the box forward in the same direction that the robot is moving, provided that the cell to which the box enters is free.

Obviously, the robot and the boxes can never cross the boundary of the grid. Suppose that there is only one box inside the factory, located at a start position ‘s’. Assume that we want to move the box to a target position t using the robot. We say that ‘t’ is “reachable” from ‘s’ if there is a sequence of moves for the robot to push the box from position ‘s’ to position ‘t’. For example, in the figure above, the leftmost cell marked by ‘t’ is reachable from s, but the other cell at position ‘t’’ is not reachable. Alice and Bob need your help to write a program to calculate the total number of reachable cells.

Input Format

The first line is  and  which shows the size of the grid. The next  lines contain a string of length  where the -th character shows a cell. Obstacles are represented by ‘o’, free cells are represented by ‘-’, the robot is represented by ‘r’, and the box is represented by ‘s’.

Constraints


Output Format

Print a single integer, the total number of reachable cells.

Sample Input 0

7 7
o------
-o-----
-------
-oooo--
-----o-
---s---
r----o-
Sample Output 0

21
Sample Input 1

3 4
---o
-os-
---r
Sample Output 1

6
